Update agent builder docs (#3206)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/search/agent-builder/agent-builder-agents.md

---

:::{warning}
These pages are currently hidden from the docs TOC and have `noindexed` meta headers.

**Go to the docs [landing page](/solutions/search/elastic-agent-builder.md).**
:::

# {{agent-builder}}: Agents

Agents are AI models (LLMs) defined with custom instructions and a set of assigned [tools](tools.md). Users [chat](chat.md) with agents using natural language, in the Agent Builder UI or programmatically.

An agent parses user requests to define a goal and then runs tools in a loop to achieve that goal. The agent provides responses based on its configured tools, instructions, and behavior settings.

## How agents work

> When you ask a question to an agent, it analyzes your request to define a specific goal. It selects the most appropriate tool(s), and determines the right arguments to use. The agent evaluates the information returned after each action and decides whether to use additional tools or formulate a response. This iterative process of tool selection, execution, and analysis continues until the agent can provide a complete answer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you ask a question to an agent, it analyzes your request to define a specific goal. It selects the most appropriate tools and determines the right arguments to use. The agent evaluates the information returned after each action and decides whether to use additional tools or formulate a response. This iterative process of tool selection, execution, and analysis continues until the agent can provide a complete answer.
```

Optionally customize the agent's appearance and organization:

- Add **Labels** to organize your agents
- Select an **Avatar color** and **Avatar symbol** to help visually distinguish the agent

::::

::::{step} Save your changes

Select **Save** to create your agent, or **Save and chat** to create the agent and immediately begin a conversation with it.

:::{image} images/save-and-chat-buttons.png
:alt: Save and Save and chat buttons
:width: 270px
:::

::::
:::::

## Agents API

The Agents API enables programmatic access to agent creation and management actions.

### Quick overview

> For a quick overview of refer to [Agents API](kibana-api.md#agents).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an overview, refer to [Agents API](kibana-api.md#agents).
```

Reviewer: nittiest of nits: "quick overview" seems redundant to me (but I didn't change it in the heading). Also I'm assuming these sections will expand? if not, could lose the H3s since they sort of impede readability
